Ahmaj Gary.

About Me Activity: Part 1

Please copy and paste the questions below and answer them in 
the aboutme.txt file we created a few days ago. When your finish, submit
your activity by using the source control button. Remember: before you 
can successfully submit your work you need to provide a comment/ description
in the text box in soucre control to submit your work. 

1. In a 3-4 sentences, please tell me about yourself. What are your hobbies outside of school.  

Sup , My name Is Ahmaj.
Im born and raised in West philadelphia , I Live in the neighborhood , I also dont really do much.
What I like to do outside of school Is probably go outside with my firends and go at girls , Play the game with my friends or watch Tv , Sleep and eat really thats all for real.


2. Do you have someone in your network of family and friends that works in tech? If yes, please
describe what they do and how you are connected to them.

No , I don't have any family member thats into Some type of tech that I know of.

3. Do you plan on attending college? If yes, what are you interested in studying 
(if you know you want to got to college, but unsure of what you want to study, thats alright.)

Yes , I plan on going to college 
But I don't really know what I am interested in studying.
I plan on going to UPENN thought beccause Its in philadelphia.

4. In your own words, what do you think will be the hardest thing about learning coding?

See Ima say everything but if i had to answer specifically Is probably coding the HTML because I didn't really even know how to even code pyhton and that was supposebly suppose to be
the easiest.

5. Bonus:
Do you watch the NFL? If yes, who is your favorite team, and what will your teams record
be at the end of the season? 

No I don't watch the NFL.

About Me Activity: Part 2

Once you have completed the first part of this activity, please use the following
link below to complete the course kickoff survey. 

Survey link:
https://forms.gle/HCLfdGwUqoz1smjW9